Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- Hello
- Mr. Lin.
Your daughter's condition is deteriorating.
How can that be?
She was fine earlier today.
She heals faster
than usual.
However.
the leukemia cells
quickly accumulated again.
So her condition has deteriorated.
But Xixi is strong-minded.
Before she went into the coma.
she told everyone
you'd promised to be there
for her birthday.
Peter
You must save her!
I'll do my best
I'm on my way.
Please do your best.
Move. move! Sorry.
- Hello
- Officer Lin
We have a problem.
What do you mean?
Our witness protection
has been compromised.
We just lost contact with our men.
I'm afraid our witness' has been exposed.
Witness Protection is Grade A!
What are you telling me?
What happened?
I'm not sure.
but HQ has confirmed
the identity of the witness.
It's Dr. James.
The reclusive geneticist
to recently defected.
For 5 years
He has been secretly working
for the biggest arms dealer of the coast.
researching biochemical weapons.
A week ago
his Bioroid went haywire
and killed everyone in the lab.
The arms dealer
was brutally killed
and his assets seized.
Bioroid?
What research?
We don't know the details.
It some kind of
special force exposed to nuclear radiation.
Sir
Uniform number
Uniform Number Victor Seven Three.
Agent Lin.
You and your men
are the best guys I
have to transfer Dr.James
to a secure military base.
The breach of the witness protection plan
may threaten regional security.
Yes. sir.
- Let's go.
- Yes sir.
"Mr.Lin. her time has come."
Xixi.
Go.
Keep your eyes open.
Trust me
Come on. get in.
Retreat.
Protect Dr.James.
Back.
Get back.
De...
devil
Retreat.
Cover up.
Cover me.
Ok.
Yes sir.
Careful.
Susan
I'll distract them.
You go for the car.
Officer Lin!
Get down
Get Dr. James out of here.
What about you?
Just go.
Protect the witness first.
Ok.
Flash bombs.
Come here.
You.
fellow me.
Yes. Madam.
We've got to get to the car.
Johnny. hang in there.
I'm ok.
Susan. are you OK?
Ok for now.
Let's go.
No.
Don't do that.
Go.
Come on.
No. Doctor.
Doctor has been shot.
Requesting backup.
Repeat.
The doctor has been shot.
Requesting backup.
Give it to me.
No no...
You are a devil.
You would have never succeeded without me.
Where are the lab records?
They're mine!
Goodbye.
Papa Papa.
Hello
Although Rick Rogers' latest novel
has not yet been published.
The copyright for the movie are
already being sought after by Hollywood.
Bids for such rights have been
coming in at shocking sums.
I had taken a sneak peek at this book.
She is a mission herself.
Her blood contains all the memories.
One day. she will find
her memories back again.
We are very privileged
to welcome to the show
to talk about his new book BLEEDING STEEL.
Rick Rodgers.
Oh. Rick. oh.
How are you?
I'm very well.
Welcome to the show. thank you.
Have a seat.
So we heard the main
character was a US marine
before he died of nuclear radiation.
But then
some geneticists bought his body.
And turned him into a bioroid
with a mechanical heart.
Well can't keep a secret from you. can 1?
There is no secret in this world.
Maybe that's so.
But many unknown secrets are
hidden in my novel.
So go buy the book.
It's the perfect synergy
of body and machine.
Stop.
Security check.
Turn around.
Is my kitty here yet?
She's on her way. boss.
Next time. it's my turn.
Sure.
Come here Kitty.
Come to papa.
Excuse me
Where are you going?
- Who are you?
- Shut up
Where did you get information in your book?
Where did you get the information?
It was my inspiration.
Who are you?
What do you want?
This is your last chance.
Fuck you
Who are you?
How did you get the story
in BLEEDING STEEL?
Please don't kill me.
- I bought it.
- Where's the original copy.
Everything you need is in there.
I just stole a story.
You shit
Surveillance videos have been uploaded.
A team of policemen
are on their way to you.
Who is that?
Is that batman?
Popular novelist Rick
Rogers has been murdered.
Once police described
as a robbery gone wrong.
We believe the perpetrators of this crime
disabled the CCTV cameras in this building.
However we have obtained
additional footage from a CCTV camera
in the building on the corner.
We urge members of public
recognize this man step forward.
We have reason to believe he may been
involved in the event took place tonight.
We were attacked by a masked man
in Rick's apartment.
I'm sorry.
He knew a great deal
about our bulletproof vests.
Where did you get information in your book?
How did you get the story
in BLEEDING STEEL?
Please don't kill me. I bought it.
Where's the original copy.
13 years
you had me trapped in the sterile cage
like an animal.
You gonna suffer everything I've suffered.
Sir. we found out about the transvestite.
He bought his costume online.
We have a shipping address.
Go.
Do not fail me again.
Yes. sir.
Rick was a pervert.
Why was he obsessed with this girl?
One pizza for Lee son.
Thank you.
When I find you
I'm gonna kill you.
Hi.
Spaghetti?
- Yes please.
- Red sauce?
Yeah.
And beef soup. right?
Thank you. sir.
Beef soup for the beautiful young lady.
Sorry.
Bitch.
Excuse me?
What did you say?
Sorry. I can't really understand you.
I don't speak Chinglish.
That's a good one
Oops
Have you had a nose job?
What?
I'm sorry.
No more. No more.
Let it go.
- Enough. Let it go.
- Back it off. girl.
It's ok. drop it.
Get back. get back.
Nothing to see.
That was a hell of a punch.
You're a credit to us Chinese.
And you know I helped right?
Thanks.
Well I have to go now.
I'm Lee son.
What's your name?
Nancy
Are you ok?
Did you have another nightmare?
Drink something.
Thank you
Did I wake you again?
I'm sorry
Ever since I changed doctor.
The nightmares have got worse.
Because that's not a doctor.
She's a witch.
She is not like a real witch.
She's more like a guide
or a spiritualist or something.
OK.
Whatever she is.
The dreams are getting worse and clearer.
You have them every night.
I can't take it any more.
I've lost my weight
and I can't sleep.
Please Nancy.
Stop going to the witch.
or get her fix it.
Hello
Look over.
What's your name?
Come on baby.
I've been waiting for you for ages.
How've you been?
The nightmares are
more frequent and more vivid.
I feel like I become
someone else in my dream.
It's takes time to heal.
This is stress. my dear.
Figments of your imagination.
Nothing more.
But every bit of it feels so real.
Like I've been there
and I know all those people.
As if
They are leading me.
pushing me to find something.
Don't think too much.
Relax
One
Two
Three
Doctor. the subject is
rejecting multiple organs.
They are failing.
I think we gonna have
to give up on this one.
Nancy
No
Help me.
Please don't kill me.
Nancy
Don't kill me.
If you kill me.
nothing can save you.
What the {?
I've never seen anything like this before.
There's someone else's soul inside you.
This is way beyond me now.
There's a man.
He is a master of hypnosis.
He might help.
He will be there tomorrow.
Let's see if you can see him.
Why did you let her go?
She hasn't told us
anything about her dream.
The niddle broke in half.
Rick is dead.
I have a feeling
the tapes we were selling him.
got him into trouble.
See what we have here.
I see you come here a lot.
Looking at that lame witch.
What's your name?
If you don't tell me. you can't go.
Now that's my boy.
Antara.
Let me pass.
So now you speak English?
How about this?
Pass under here.
I know you like that huh?
Get that bitch.
Come on boys.
We got a fresh meat.
Don't be scare.
Back off.
Don't get close
Oops
Feisty one.
You can't get away now.
Get him.
Okay.
Who you think you are. Jackie Chan?
Let's go.
- Stop
- You bastard.
Come on.
Shit. I think I'm blind.
Don't let that bitch slip away.
Stop running
I will get you.
You broke my balls.
Shut the door.
Hurry up.
I think we've met before.
Oh it's you
What are you doing here?
I followed you.
Why did you do that?
I was kidding.
Hurry up.
So who are you?
Gangster?
Excuse me?
You are always fighting.
Hey. hey.
Come on. Relax.
I was kidding.
Don't go.
Come on.
Let's go for dinner tonight.
I think you should change your pants.
Pants?
Yeah.
Well yeah.
Whatever.
I'm warning you.
If you follow me again.
Then I'll...
Follow you?
I said I was kidding.
This was just a coincidence alright.
Not even a thank you for saving you?
- You know what lady.
- Thank you.
You are just crazy.
You are welcome.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for a performer.
A performer?
They are in rehearsal right now.
The performance is in the evenings.
I need to see him right now.
It's urgent
I'm sorry
I can't let you in without a permit.
Ok. Thank you.
Hi
Hey guys.
She's my girlfriend
Can she come in?
Should be alright
Thank you
Hey baby
Come on.
My girlfriend
You followed me again.
I followed you?
What are you talking about.
I think you followed me.
And who just got you in?
Whatever.
You can't...
not that way.
It's a maze in here. Where are you going?
What's your name?
Gangster.
Come on. You know I was kidding yesterday.
Forget it alright?
Yours?
Don't you remember? I told you.
It's Lee son.
Mohammed
Salaami
It's my stage name.
Stolen?
It was not.
Sorry
I found it.
You sure don't look like Salaami.
What are you after?
What are you looking for?
Mohammed Salaami
Salaami
Yeah. I'm Salaami.
Good. I am glad I found you.
I need you to come with me.
Where are we going?
I need you to fix some lights.
OK OK OK
Just stay here
Please just stay there.
No more fight.
Ok?
Salaami
OK. everybody. let's start rehearsal.
Lights. music. get ready.
OK. ready?
Action.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Please welcome Mr. Cosentino.
what you're about to see here
tonight is truly extraordinary
My angel has arrived.
Come to me.
Sit down.
You were a fallen angel.
but God has given you a second life.
I know all your pain.
I'll guide you
through the darkness to the light.
And find the soul that belongs to you.
Love is all around you.
No... no... please.
Everybody get out.
Stop. don't kill the innocent people.
I got this
You are late.
My work here is done.
Put your weapons down.
Get on the ground.
Look out.
Get him.
Kill him.
Nancy's on the second floor.
Take me up to the entrance
You know you are
really starting to piss me off.
Give me back my daughter.
You want her?
She's all yours. daddy.
Sorry.
Hey
Over here
Mister.
Who are you to her?
Shut up.
Wow.
Nice place. Is it...
Hey.
What the hell?
Be quiet
Let go of me.
Where'?
- Down there.
- No way.
- Go down there.
- What do you want?
You trying to get rid of me?
What the hell is this place?
Hey.
Watch it. Take it easy.
Oh my God.
Who are you?
What do you do for living?
Do you really need to do that?
What the hell?
What was that thing anyhow?
It's a time bomb.
Tell me.
Why have you been following Nancy?
You've got to be kidding.
It's a men's competition.
I can't help it if I'm super charming.
You don't have to kill me to get my girl!
You're not a student at the university.
The transvestite at Rick's place.
It was you.
Yes.
It's true.
But what does any of this
have to do with Nancy?
All I did is get back
what was mine to begin with.
What belongs to you?
What was it?
Things that belong to the rich.
I'm like Robin Hood. okay?
It's stealing.
You lazy young boy.
You're just a thief.
Rick is a dick.
And he is a thief anyway.
What does that have to do with Nancy?
When I was going through Rick's safe.
Nancy's library pass was in there.
I was curious about her.
And then she just
captivated me.
And I fell in love.
Over.
I've told you everything.
Would you please
remove the bomb now?
Vitamin B
Good for your health
and hangovers.
You fooled me.
Who the hell are you?
I can tell that it was you under that mask.
Who do you think you are. Spider man?
Shoot a web!
Until I check your identity.
you have to stay here.
Let me out.
Officer Lin
The evidence you acquired
proves transaction
between Rick and the witch.
For two years
The witch has been
selling Rick Nancy's therapy videos.
Clearly.
Rick based his novel off these recordings.
That's what I thought.
Oh
I just sent you a sound file.
Find out who this guy is.
Ok.
Hello?
Hey.
How long are you going
to keep me locked up here?
I have human rights.
I'll pee if you don't let me go.
Ok. you asked for it.
I'm going to pee now!
Can you give me water and food please.
I'm so dehydrated. I can't even pee.
She must be protected.
All my work is in her body.
Someday she'll be the proof to the world
of my contribution to mankind.
- Hello
- Officer Lin
Nancy's gone
She just got on a plane to Xingan.
I think it's happening now.
- I am going to look for her.
- Alright.
- I'll call you from the airport.
- Copy that.
What happened?
Release me.
Look I can help you.
Whatever your game is.
stay away from her.
This is more serious than you know.
I want to protect her.
She doesn't need you.
Here's the key.
The door will open automatically tomorrow.
There's food and drink in the room.
You won't starve.
That's dog food.
There.
Train your arms.
This is an illegal detention.
Hey.
Earthquake?
Officer Lin
Your new identity.
The old files
stayed with you when Xixi died.
And Dr. James' body
We had it taken care of.
He manager to save Xixi
with the mechanical heart
and bio engineered blood.
Inside Xixi's body.
Are the bio engineered
genes that of Dr. James.
So far no sign of rejection.
The bio engineered blood in Xixi's body
is super regenerative.
However when she wakes up.
Her old memories will be gone.
Memories of you.
What's the thing that blew up?
The bioroid?
Yes
He was an experimental subject.
Dr. James call him Andre.
His body wasn't recovered
at the scene.
We are still searching.
Susan
Yes. Sir.
Can you do me a favor?
Of course
Take her to an orphanage in Australia.
To Director Isabella
Ok.
Andre
will definitely come back.
I don't want Xixi to be involved.
As long as she lives.
I will protect her as a stranger.
As a father. her safety is all I ask for.
Officer Lin
If Xixi's memories are coming back.
are they hers
or are they Dr. James's?
That's what I worry about
Oh yeah.
What about the guy I
asked you to check out.
His name is
Lee son
He lives in Sydney.
In 2011. He travelled to the US
Korea. China and Japan
and then return to Sydney two years ago.
He has no work records.
No family we could find.
He was arrested for theft a year ago.
And was released due to
lack of evidence.
What did he steal?
We don't know.
His file is classified.
We are still communicating with
Australian Police.
He's not a normal thief.
No. We don't think so either.
We're losing Xixi's signal.
I think we should separate.
Ok. That's a good idea.
I will go back to headquarters.
We will do everything we can
to have your identity restored.
If I can find Xixi.
I just want to have a
peaceful life with her.
See you.
Hey.
Good luck. Officer.
Trust me
Hello
All my work is in her body.
Every detail is recorded in her blood.
She must be protected.
Someday she'll be the proof
to the world of my contribution to mankind
Papa
Papa.
You've been with me all along.
Papa
Xixi
I don't have time for this.
Go to hell
Oh my God.
It worked.
Hey.
That was the wrong car.
How did you get out?
A fitness machine is no match for me.
If you're that good.
help me find them.
Come on. it's the 21st century.
We are not locals.
We all use Navigation.
Hang on.
Good job. Go back to Sydney.
What?
You almost blew me up!
Go on then.
They've got Nancy.
I'm sending you a location.
- Got it. Let's act now
- OK
Good afternoon.
May I help you?
Please wait a minute.
Honey look.
Aliens from Space.
Thank you.
This way please.
No no no no.
Bastard.
Let's roll.
Turn here.
Susan
Get in.
That's pretty good.
I don't want to see more people get hurt.
I did a study
of the men in black we killed 13 years ago
and we know that
their suits are susceptible to gas.
Now
we just exploit that weakness.
Madam
How was it?
This is only we found in the safe.
Nothing else.
Just a camera?
- Ok.
- Yes
Such superior regeneration ability
is attributed to the activation
of the regenerative
genes from the starfish.
Each re-combined cell
contains the entire genome.
And fuses to other tissues
to rapidly regrow the missing part.
The experimental subject is a special force
exposed to heavy nuclear radiation.
He'll become the first bio-warrior in
the world if the experiment succeeds.
We have developed
the first generation mechanical heart
to match the rapid regeneration feature
of the bio engineered blood.
If the experiment succeeds.
the bioroid with the mechanical heart
and the bio engineered blood.
will be the immortal warrior of the future.
If Andre get his hand on the lab records.
he can make an army of bioroids.
That's horrifying.
We can't let Andre get this.
According to our intel.
Andre had a secret deal with
a prominent arms dealer.
I bet.
this is what they were working on together.
But
This is the only thing we have.
We can trade for Nancy.
No matter what.
He won't release Nancy.
Officer Lin
13 years ago
Andre was hurt.
His body was severely infected
and for these years
he has been trapped in a sterile room.
What he needs is Nancy's blood
to save himself.
This and Nancy
are two things he needs.
While we have the lab records.
Nancy should be safe.
We don't have much time.
We have to find Andre.
I've an idea.
The camera?
Take this camera straight to Headquarters.
Yes Madam
Boss. they are back.
You and |
are actually the same.
We are lab rats in his little experiment.
The only difference is
you didn't get to experience
the pain I have suffered.
That sly fox
hiding his life's work inside of you.
And all these years.
Just to find you.
I feel like you've turn me into a monster.
Diverter initiated.
Purification in process.
Who are you?
We have the same mechanical heart.
But I am getting eaten alive
by my own cells.
Thanks to Dr. James's blood.
not only will I get my powers back.
But your blood
will give me the ability to regenerate.
The world's first super bio-warrior.
My blood
contains two sets of memories for 13 years.
Those painful memories
constantly tortured me day by day.
You will have three memories
once I pass them onto you.
And believe me
you will go insane.
No.
You see this diverter here?
It'll remove all the
memories in your blood.
Never again will I
experience any more pain.
What's that?
Quiet down.
The lab's on the second floor.
Let's go.
Where is the Asian girl?
Inside the lab.
Open the door.
What are you guys doing?
Nancy
Where do you think you are going?
Shaun
Sound the alarm.
Get out of here!
Go. go. go. go.
Nancy
How do we open this?
How do we get in?
Get back.
It doesn't work.
How can it be?
Papa
Open it now.
Only the boss can do that.
Fuck
It's me. me!
I was trying to help.
But my gun was out of power.
I'll enjoy killing you.
On three
We attack.
I never counted.
Blood transfusion interrupted. Reverting.
Goodbye
Come and help me.
OK
Go to hell.
Warning. System malfunctioning.
Watch out. papa.
All personnel evacuate.
Warning. System malfunctioning.
- Papa
- Uncle
Officer Lin
Papa
It's gonna explode! run.
Run.
Hurry.
All personnel evacuate.
Go.
Lee son
Go
Go. Hurry.
It's going to crash.
Get the parachutes.
OK.
Papa
Papa's fine.
Don't worry.
Susan
Strap her in.
Don't ever leave me again.
Papa
Officer Lin
Get her out of here.
Go.
Papa. papa
When I get well.
you promised you'd take me
to an amusement park.
I don't have much time left.
The bio engineered blood of my
biggest success was all given to Xixi.
It has superior regeneration capability.
Take good care of her.
- Officer Lin
- papa
Susan. Do something. Save him.
Pull black handle on your left.
When I say.
OK
Now.
Papa
Xixi
- Don't be afraid.
- How is your arm?
I am Ok.
Madam
- Lab records is missing.
- What?
The lab records are gone?
Cheese
Recording now.
Smile to camera.
Let's try that one.
I love you. daddy.
I am so happy.
- Daddy
- I'm dizzy.
- Let's try that one over there
- Which one?
- That one.
- No. no. no...
My heart can't...
Please.
Xixi
I'll go. I like that one.
Alright.
You go get some rest.
I'm gonna get some ice cream.
- I have chocolate.
- OK
- I need to sit down.
- Let's find a place to sit down. Over there.
I was shooting... like this. backward.
I knew you'd be dizzy.
It's just like a dream.
Pinch me.
I won't do that.
You'll wake up.
Officer Lin
You've been waiting for this for 13 years.
I'm happy for you.
Officer Lin
Headquarters just called
We know Lee son's true identity.
His real name is
Choi Kyung-ho
His father
was the arms dealer killed
13 years ago by Andre.
So his motivation was to get revenge.
And take back his family's assets.
All I did is get back
what was mine to begin with.
When his family was killed.
he was travelling abroad.
So he survived.
Coincidentally
He and Xixi
Grew up together in the orphanage.
"Happy birthday to you."
"Happy birthday to Nancy"
Happy birthday. Nancy
Lee son
Price is no problem.
If you've got for me
what you said in the email.
Come over to my office in Moscow.
We'll talk.
I can send a plane to come get you.
Hey man.
Thanks for openly discussing a price.
Al thought. it's a matter of trust.
Sorry.
I have a dinner date
with Jackie Chan later.
Over
Fuck
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-